New Add/Remove prefix option (#69)
fatih/gomodifytags: README.md

}
```

> ### Formatting tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Formatting tag values
```

> Certain not so up to spec uses of tags might require to them to have a particular formatting, such
> as is the case of prefixing them (`field_name=<yourtag>`) the `--format` flag allows you to specify
> a format for the tag value to be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default a struct tag's value is transformed from a struct's field and used directly. As an example for the field `Server string`, we generate a tag in the form: `json:"server"` (assuming `-add-tags=json` is used).

However, some third party libraries use tags in a different way and might require to them to have a particular formatting, such as is the case of prefixing them (`field_name=<your_value>`). The `--format` flag allows you to specify a custom format for the tag value to be applied.
```
